---
layout: post
title: "FYI: The Joey Situation"
date: 2021-07-09
---

You may have seen that @ItsJoey#6969 / ItsJ0ey or Joey has disappeared from the internet.

At first it seemed like he was completely gone. His social media accounts were deleted, he went offline on Discord, unfriended us on Hypixel etc.
However, as we investigated we realised he had not completely disappeared.
A friend got in touch with his brother and he confirmed his actions and that he was still alive. 

We had no lead at that point. Attempts to contact him had no effect and we couldn't see anything coming from this.
However, according to new info from his brother he had created a new Discord account. Obviously he didn't want to be part of this community anymore.
Why? We have no idea. 
Why do I have anything to do with this? I was the first person out of this whole community/friend group that he talked to. I feel responsible in part for actions committed by people I introduced him to.

Who is working on the situation? 
Me, Originalls, jiimin, ItsDerp and Cranky

What do we have now?
We KNOW that:
He is not grounded (per his brother)
He is still active on the Internet (per his brother/I saw him on Hypixel)
There are no current complete reasons why this happened.
He is still alive
We DON'T KNOW that:
Why he disappeared
What were the events leading up to this?

What can we do?
We are trying to gain contact back to find out what happened. We would like some answers and to know everything is alright. 
At this point, there is nothing you as the reader can do. All you can do is hope.

Finally, Joey, if you are reading this, please DM me. My friend reqs are open and I'll keep convos secret.
